today in a fight that was the worst fight
which are also many but as everything is
More serious
an error that they recognize themselves precisely
of which has never been the time that
while from the memory of the Lord
clm strength
but the baskonia mass with the diabolical
in four falls
because there are no human eg
why
the 3
it's over
but new young woman on top of the
another celebrating and the other good
and it's not that it's dog
yes
conditional allow as the others like
gentlemen are finite
god look at the shit is not satisfied with
the final god decreeing that all the
nation
I like you allow me or authorize a
fourth fall
but this lot if not here is over
when here for you
then if I too was moved
everything that happened to cervantes due to the
similar
the fourth fall is updated the fight
and he wins but with a crab
but I felt terrible
I already counted all three and I would have finished it
to negotiate
we live the repercussion later in
my mind
but in that time I tell you they respected
a lot to the manager
As I said there is no where to take good
term the hours
do not gas and disqualify
and the commissioner is above the
authority of the king but in the rhythm
for example I promise a new one as in
that kind of exclusion commenting and the
commissioner I respect him but if going down
between the versions
we wait on Tuesday in the commission to
talk to you comes to me more
suspended women
stable and in front a
commission because I farm I grabbed the
Nazi to make me embraced well is a
simple there
and they started kicking him and he put me
my own
then going down on top of their
companions
and they go down where I say the beginning of the
healthier products
holes because there the practitioners
and already getting to know her on the day
Medical Tuesdays
they are all
as they are not with the traps of ancient
but is that if aena the royal I can not
eat more and his name
and what angle where they lend for the others
you have arrived 15
then already down if the commission sends
above and I will need